Israelites only as a mysterious
word was forgotten by many
 of the nations who lived in the
neighbouring countries &men
beasts the parts of the visible
universe & even stocks &stones
were set up as objects of adoration,
The difficulty which the divine
legislators of the jewish people
had to preserve the purity of
their religion amongst the ido-
-latrous nations by whom they
were surrounded proves the
 natural evil tendency of the
human mind after the fall
of man & who ever will consider
 the nature of the mosaical or
ceremonial law &the manner in
which it was suspended before
the end of the Roman Empire,
the expiatory sacrifice of the
Messiah, the fear of Death
destroyed by the blessed hopes
of immortality established by
the resurrection of Jesus
 Christ, the destruction of
Jerusalem by Titus, and

