39
Paganism even when
professed and supported
by the powers and phi-
=losophy of Julian, the
martyrs who subs-cribed
to the truth of Christi-
-anity by shedding their
blood for the faith, the
exalted nature of those
intellectual men by whom
it has been professed who
had examined all the
depths of nature and
exercised the profoundest
faculties of thought such
as Newton, Locke & Hart-
=ley, all appear to me
strong arguments in fa-
=vour of revealed religion,
I prefer rather founding
my creed upon the
fitness of its doctrines
than upon historical

